doc(release) Release notes collect 24.10 apr26 (#5220)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-24.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

| Centreon AWIE | [24.10.5 (February 25, 2026)](#centreon-awie-24105)<br/>[24.10.4 (January 26, 2026)](#centreon-awie-24104)<br/>[24.10.3 (December 31, 2025)](#centreon-awie-24103)<br/>[24.10.2 (December 18, 2025)](#centreon-awie-24102)<br/>[24.10.1 (March 10, 2025)](#centreon-awie-24101) |
| Centreon High Availability | [24.10.2 (December 18, 2025)](#centreon-high-availability-24102)<br/>[24.10.1 (August 6, 2025)](#centreon-high-availability-24101)<br/>[24.10.0 (October 31, 2024)](#centreon-high-availability-24100) |

</details>

## April 22, 2026

### Centreon Collect 24.10.18

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - Fixed perl connector issue when plugins output is longer than 4096 bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed perl connector issue that occurred when plugin output was longer than 4096 bytes.
```

</details>

### Centreon Gorgone 24.10.13

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Config] Prevented application crashes when a service has no associated category. These services are now automatically assigned to a "NoCategory" dimension, as for hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Config] Fixed an issue that caused application crashes when a service had no associated category. These services are now automatically assigned to a "NoCategory" dimension, just like hosts.
```
